# Microservices SandBox Release Notes 
## Topic: Service Discovery and Registry
## Version: 1.1.0
## Content Summary
In order to achieve high availability in a production environment, a service needs to be deployed at least with two instances. When the number is under control as in most of the distributed SOA cases client-to-service or service-to service calls can be handled using pre-configured service location parameters. However, for a microservices-based application high availability for a service should be obtained without disturbing other parts of the application in principle.  Each service in a microservice environment may have different scalability requirements and because it's preferable to deploy microservices using containerization, location parameters for each candidate instance usually is not predefined. This means that each instance of a service must be discoverable somehow. Therefore in this release, we are going to explore service discovery and service registry automation alternatives. 


##Contents

### Service Discovery and Service Registry

#### Service Registry with Euroka
##### Standalone mode
What are zones? 
Explain configuration params
#### Clustered Mode

In order to prevent single point of failure on service registry, there is clustered mode configuration supported
by Netflix Eureka. It works with the principle that each registry service registers itself to the the other registry
services and be aware/sync with each other.

##### Preparation

Care is required when starting multiple Servers on the same machine. 
They need to be configured with different host names. Different ports do not suffice. 
These host names must resolve to localhost. A way to do this is to edit the hosts file.

```sh
$ more /etc/hosts
127.0.0.1   eureka-peer1
127.0.0.1   eureka-peer2
```

There are two spring profiles defined in registry-server-eureka module to be an example(peer1 and peer2).
Half of the modules are configured to register on peer1 and rest of them are configured to register on peer2 by default.
For doing a demo, the same instance should be started with these spring profile configurations and the rest of the 
modules should be started later to track whether they are registered or not.
